W-14195899-migration-guide-cv (#272)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-migration-overview.adoc

* RPA Manager deprecates roles and user groups and starts using teams from Anypoint Platform instead. 
* RPA Manager supports using Connected Apps to connect with Anypoint Platform, which provides a more secure and improved authentication mechanism than API keys. 
* RPA Manager supports deleting users who have assigned processes and reassigning those processes to other users or teams. 

> * For Non-federated orgs, MuleSoft automatically creates Teams in Anypoint Platform to match the existing Roles and User Groups in RPA Manager: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For non-federated orgs, MuleSoft automatically creates teams in Anypoint Platform to match the existing roles and user groups in RPA Manager: 
```

Reviewer: You would only capitalize these if referencing the UI element. General references would be in lower case.

+

> Team names are restricted to alphanumeric characters, hyphens, underscores, and spaces. If your Role or User Group contained unsupported characters, these are omitted when creating the new Team name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team names are restricted to alphanumeric characters, hyphens, underscores, and spaces. If your role or user Group contains unsupported characters, these characters are omitted when creating the new team name.
```

> Team names are restricted to alphanumeric characters, hyphens, underscores, and spaces. If your role or user Group contains unsupported characters, these characters are omitted when creating the new team name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team names are restricted to alphanumeric characters, hyphens, underscores, and spaces. If your role or user group contains unsupported characters, these characters are omitted when creating the new team name.
```

+

> ** Roles migrate to Teams using the following naming convention: `RPA Role - <Existing_Role_Name>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Roles migrate to teams using the following naming convention: `RPA Role - <Existing_Role_Name>`.
```

+

> These new Teams contain the Anypoint permissions that match the RPA privileges the Role had in RPA Manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These new teams have the same Anypoint permissions for RPA privileges that the role had in RPA Manager. 
```

> ** User Groups migrate to Teams using the following naming convention: `RPA User Group - <Existing_User_Group_Name>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** User Groups migrate to teams using the following naming convention: `RPA User Group - <Existing_User_Group_Name>`.
```

> ** Users inside Roles and User Groups in RPA Manager migrate to the corresponding Team in Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Users assigned to roles and user groups in RPA Manager migrate to the corresponding team in Anypoint Platform.
```
